Fix/1613  add browserstack logo and message (#2891)
tracim/tracim: README.md

Note: to retrieve all frontend apps, run this command:

    ls -d frontend*

<a href='https://www.browserstack.com' target='_blank'>
    <img src='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tracim/tracim/master/logo_browserstack.png' width='150'>
</a>

> BrowserStack support open source project and graciously helps us testing Tracim on every devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BrowserStack supports open source projects and graciously helps us testing Tracim on every devices.
```
